FAQ added in Databricks (#772)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/warehouse-destinations/delta-lake.mdx

Refer to this [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/bs-cyrl-ba/azure/databricks/sql/language-manual/sql-ref-reserved-words) for a complete list of the reserved keywords.

### Does the Databricks cluster attached to the destination need to be up all the time?

No, your Databricks cluster attached to the destination need not be up all the time.

### What happens if the cluster or the destination service is down? Is there a possibility of data loss?

> If a warehouse destination is down or unavailable, RudderStack will continue to retry sending events (on a 3-hour exponential backoff basis). RudderStack stores the syncs as staging files retries sending them at a later time when the cluster is up again. This allows for a successful delivery without any missing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a warehouse destination is down or unavailable, RudderStack will continue to retry sending events (on an exponential backoff basis, for up to 3 hours).

RudderStack stores the syncs as staging files retries sending them at a later time when the cluster is up again. This allows for a successful delivery without any missing data.
```

Refer to this [documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/bs-cyrl-ba/azure/databricks/sql/language-manual/sql-ref-reserved-words) for a complete list of the reserved keywords.

### Does the Databricks cluster attached to the destination need to be up all the time?

No, your Databricks cluster attached to the destination need not be up all the time.

### What happens if the cluster or the destination service is down? Is there a possibility of data loss?

If a warehouse destination is down or unavailable, RudderStack will continue to retry sending events (on an exponential backoff basis, for up to 3 hours).

RudderStack stores the syncs as staging files retries sending them at a later time when the cluster is up again. This allows for a successful delivery without any missing data.

> After retrying for up to 3 hours, RudderStack marks the syncs as aborted. Once the service is up and running again, you can go to the <Link to="/dashboard-guides/overview/#syncs">**Syncs**</Link> tab in the RudderStack dashboard and retry the data syncs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After retrying for up to 3 hours, RudderStack marks the syncs as aborted. Once the service is up and running again, you can go to the <Link to="/dashboard-guides/overview/#syncs">**Syncs**</Link> tab in the RudderStack dashboard and retry sending the data.
```
